== README - SYSCOMA

SYSCOMA is Competence/Skill management system that intends to help companies and organizations to build teams according to the needs of the projects.

=== Development


* System dependencies

  * build-essentials

* Ruby version

  2.1.3

  You can easily install it through the Ruby Version Manager - RVM. Instructions on how to do it can be found at http://rvm.io

  *NOTE:* If you are using the gnome-shell, or any derivate like terminator, you have to mark on your profile the option to use a "login bash".


* Configuration

  bundle install

* Database creation

  cp config/database.yml.sample config/database.yml

  configure in the you prefer the database.yml file

  rake db:create

* Database initialization

  rake db:setup

* How to run the test suite

  rake


* Deployment instructions

  Deployment is made through Capistano (https://github.com/capistrano/capistrano)

  cap production deployment

  In order to do this, you must have the password.

  Otherwise, you can also modify the deployment file at <tt>config/deploy.rb</tt>.

=== Install

* First Deploy

  1. Make sure that the deployment file <tt>config/deploy.rb</tt> is correctly configured to the installation server;
  2. Also, make sure that the installation server already has rvm installed;
  3. <tt>cap deploy:setup</tt> will install the ruby correct ruby version, the gemset and all the directories tree;
  4. <tt>cap deploy:migrations</tt> deploys the code and run all the migrations

=== Contributing

Please, have a look the wiki pages about development workflow and code standards:

* https://github.com/SYSCOMA/SYSCOMA/wiki/Development-Workflow
* https://github.com/SYSCOMA/SYSCOMA/wiki/Standards

=== License

Copyright (c) 2013-2014 The Author developers.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=== Authors

João Marco Maciel da Silva

=== Acknowledgments

This work is a result of an undergraduation final project of the Bachelor in Computer Science of the Institute of Mathematics and Statistics of the University of São Paulo.
This work is supervised by Professor Waldemar Setzer.

University of São Paulo (USP)
http://www.usp.br

Institute of Mathematics and Statistics(IME-USP)
http://ime.usp.br
